NAME                  STATUS   AGE
a-adxamov             Active   4d23h
a-maxmudov            Active   2d11h
a-taniqulov           Active   2d
a-yusupov             Active   5d1h
d-nurmatov            Active   23h
default               Active   5d1h
f-nabiyev             Active   4d6h
ingress-nginx         Active   5d1h
kube-node-lease       Active   5d1h
kube-public           Active   5d1h
kube-system           Active   5d1h
m-fayziev             Active   3d3h
practice-a-maxmudov   Active   87s
practice-d-xolmatov   Active   20m
practice-doston       Active   23m
practice-fazliddin    Active   19m
practice-g-ravshan    Active   17m
practise-zvakhobov    Active   9m24s
r-kodirov             Active   137m
s-khomidov            Active   137m
s-madatov             Active   4d17h
t-muxtorov            Active   2d
x-baxromov            Active   4d23h
x-namozov             Active   2d7h
z-vakhobov            Active   2d
